Add impact to career ladder (#37)
abtion/guidelines: career-development/ladder.md

1. Heavily Team Oriented
1. High Employee Retention
1. High Quality Code Base
1. Open Communication
1. Pair-Programs

> ## Dev Values : Simple, Test-Driven, Iterative, Communicative, Respectful, Skilled

Reviewer: Add `Impact`

### Level 1
#### Impact
- [ ] Contributes positively to the development of one or multiple apps.

#### Simple
- [ ] Is working on naming variables and learning to extract methods.

#### Test-driven
- [ ] Checks that all tests pass before merging into a shared branch.
- [ ] Can understand where test expectations are not met and fix some with the help of more senior developers.
- [ ] Can describe the testing pyramid and concepts around what makes a good test.
- [ ] Writes “good” test descriptions: uses nesting and clear contexts/assertions

#### Iterative
- [ ] Understands red-green-refactor.

#### Communication
- [ ] Updates Asana.
- [ ] Comes prepared for meetings.
- [ ] Uses time tracking tools and vacation notifications.

#### Respectful teammate
- [ ] On time for meetings.
- [ ] Cares about their work.

#### Technical skills
- [ ] Knows about the three main sections of a Git project(working, staging, repository) as well as the most common commands(commit, pull, push)
- [ ] Uses a common linter such as rubocop
- [ ] Can write code in at least one language.
- [ ] Broad knowledge of main CS + XP concepts.

### Level 2

#### Impact

> - [ ] Capable of providing on-call support for their area including systems that they are not familiar with.

Reviewer: I would like to reframe the addition of 'on-call' support, as I'm working away from that model and more toward a highly scoped 30 hour week. Perhaps just 'support' vs 'on-call support' there?

#### Simple
- [ ] Creates simple method / functions that most static code analysers would accept.
- [ ] Makes clear prs

#### Test-driven
- [ ] Starts to write unit tests before code, writes acceptance tests.
- [ ] Can write “acceptance” tests for existing code.
- [ ] Refactors test code: extracts methods, breaks up long tests
- [ ] Uses evident data in tests.
- [ ] Understands the trade-off between test isolation and test speed.

#### Iterative
- [ ] Delivers working code with each commit.

#### Communication
- [ ] Hosts retros.
- [ ] Can compose a PR and provide feedback on them.

#### Respectful teammate
- [ ] Shows respect for client goals
- [ ] Encourages team to stay on a sustainable pace.

#### Technical skills
- [ ] Understands what differentiates their favourite language with others. Knows what the language is useful for and when it is not the best option.
- [ ] Understand where to place logic in their favourite framework.

### Level 3

#### Impact

> - [ ] End-to-end responsibility on projects of increasing complexity.

Reviewer: Let's flesh out end-to-end a bit more. Perhaps dev-ops to engineering or engineering-technical PMing as two ranges to work with?

Author: Good point. What about?
Level 3:
- From internal meetings to internal acceptance
- Both backend and frontend implementation
Level 4:
- From client (research) to client acceptance
- Backend and frontend implementation

#### Simple

> - [ ] Capable of prioritizing tasks. Avoids getting caught up in unimportant details and focuses on delivering value to the client.

Reviewer: To me, this points directly to:

```
bikeshedding

1. Futile investment of time and energy in discussion of marginal technical issues.
2. Procrastination.
```
Could we specify that in particular here?

Author: After some research, I love the term. However, I want to make sure that you can understand the ladder without the need to google. I'll add both, term, and the description.

- [ ] Makes use of stubbing and mocking/understands tradeoffs of hitting the db.
- [ ] Values and can speak to examples of high cohesion, low coupling.
- [ ] Cares about test speed. Can implement parallelization but knows why that’s a bandaid. Seeks to keep the test suite under a minute.
- [ ] Can run the test for the code they are working on “right now” in under a second.

#### Iterative
- [ ] Well-composed commit narratives in commit flows.

#### Communication
- [ ] Can help PM cultivate an Asana board.
- [ ] Understands kanban.
- [ ] Can teach juniors to pair program.

#### Respectful teammate
- [ ] Makes others better through code reviews, thorough documentation, technical guidance, and mentoring.
- [ ] Communicate with PMs when goals are unattainable.
- [ ] Understands the difficulties that the team is going through and helps how they can.

#### Technical skills
- [ ] Demonstrates ability to succeed in a wide range of complex situations across multiple axes: e.g. scale, uncertainty, interconnectedness.
- [ ] Researches and proposes new technologies to the team(s).

### Level 5

#### Impact

> - [ ] It is recognized as a helpful consultant that consistently delivers high-value solutions for real problems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Is recognized as a helpful consultant that consistently delivers high-value solutions for real problems.
```

#### Simple

> - [ ] Creates architecture that enables many potential futures without knowing exactly what the future is.

Reviewer: This one is really nicely stated 🌮

> - [ ] Understands the broad architecture of the entire system and they are capable of explaining the technical decisions that were taking to tackle the client's problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Understands the broad architecture of the entire system and are capable of explaining the technical decisions taken by the team.
```

- [ ] Broad knowledge of main CS + XP concepts.

### Level 2

#### Impactful
- [ ] Capable of providing support for their area including systems that they are not familiar with.

#### Simple
- [ ] Creates simple method / functions that most static code analysers would accept.
- [ ] Makes clear prs

#### Test-driven
- [ ] Starts to write unit tests before code, writes acceptance tests.
- [ ] Can write “acceptance” tests for existing code.
- [ ] Refactors test code: extracts methods, breaks up long tests
- [ ] Uses evident data in tests.
- [ ] Understands the trade-off between test isolation and test speed.

#### Iterative
- [ ] Delivers working code with each commit.

#### Communication
- [ ] Hosts retros.
- [ ] Can compose a PR and provide feedback on them.

#### Respectful teammate
- [ ] Shows respect for client goals
- [ ] Encourages team to stay on a sustainable pace.

#### Technical skills
- [ ] Understands what differentiates their favourite language with others. Knows what the language is useful for and when it is not the best option.
- [ ] Understand where to place logic in their favourite framework.

### Level 3

#### Impactful

> - [ ] Take task from internal meetings to internal acceptance.

Author: I'm struggling with the wording on this one. Suggestions are welcome.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Drives tasks from internal meetings to internal acceptance.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [] Picks up tasks from internal meetings and parks them nicely in internal acceptance.
```

- [ ] Actively participates in feedback for team members.

#### Technical skills
- [ ] Can write code in at least two technical areas (frontend, backend, digital infrastructure). Ensures the completion of the tasks in their two areas of expertise.
- [ ] Can debug issues occuring across multiple levels of the stack.

### Level 4

#### Impactful
- [ ] Partners with project managers and designers to drive technical decisions based on the highest output for all parties' needs.

> - Take tasks from client research to client acceptance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Take tasks from client research to client acceptance.
```

- [ ] Able to identify and be comfortable deleting tests that no longer add value
- [ ] Thinks about [F.I.R.S.T](https://github.com/ghsukumar/SFDC_Best_Practices/wiki/F.I.R.S.T-Principles-of-Unit-Testing) tests

#### Iterative
- [ ] Can guide an IPM and team reflection.

#### Communication
- [ ] Aligns team on expectations.
- [ ] Identifies miscommunications and solves them before they become a problem.

> -  Identifies and proposes strategies around technical problems affecting their team and communicates standards.

Reviewer 3: Missing `[ ]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  [ ] Identifies and proposes strategies around technical problems affecting their team and communicates standards.
```

#### Respectful teammate
- [ ] Help dissolve tension when arises.
- [ ] Does not take "all" responsibilities. They let their teammates take responsibilities they care about.

#### Technical skills
- [ ] Breaks down complex projects into simple systems that can be effectively built and maintained by less experienced developers.
- [ ] Sought out for technical guidance.
- [ ] Anticipates technical issues at a product level and works with design to avoid them.

### Level 6

#### Impact
- [ ] Has made an obvious positive impact on the entire company's technical trajectory.

> - [ ] Focused on and responsible for their team's productivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Focused on and responsible for their team's productivity and growth.
```

#### Simple
- [ ] Has a clear understanding of long term maintenance costs and tradeoffs related to simplifying code

> - [ ] Consistently able to reduce the complexity of projects, services, and processes in order to get more done with less work.

Reviewer: Also a very nice addition!
